Fix bug in `Series.describe` where the median is included any time the `percentiles` argument is not None (#61158)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.where` where using a non-bool type array in the function would return a ``ValueError`` instead of a ``TypeError`` (:issue:`56330`)
- Bug in :meth:`Index.sort_values` when passing a key function that turns values into tuples, e.g. ``key=natsort.natsort_key``, would raise ``TypeError`` (:issue:`56081`)
- Bug in :meth:`MultiIndex.fillna` error message was referring to ``isna`` instead of ``fillna`` (:issue:`60974`)

> - Bug in :meth:`Series.describe` where median percentile is included when the ``percentiles`` argument is passed (:issue:`60550`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`Series.describe` where median percentile was always included when the ``percentiles`` argument was passed (:issue:`60550`).
```
